# Minutes of Meeting (3)

- **Tasks** (T) - has an Owner and a deadline
- **Decisions** (D)
- **Information** (I) - everything else of interest.

### **Date: 4/02/22**

### **Time: 19:00**

### **Topic: Third** Client Meet

### **Attendees:**

- Navaneethan Santhanam
- Dhulipati Lakshmi Girija
- Syed Imami
- Soveet Kumar Nayak
- Tanmay Goyal

### **Type | Description | Owner | Deadline**

- I | Overall Explanation of Project and Updates: | - | -
    - Run multiple algorithms on the pressure data.
    - We will have to use the ADT package for detecting or picking the time series data. Data will be given by the user for 30-31 days as a CSV file. Detecting anomalies using this data is our first priority.
    - In Crux: Data from UI ⇒ React ⇒ Flask ⇒ MongoDB ⇒ Flask ⇒ React ⇒ UI
    - The User can upload a data file using the UI.
    - The User can set threshold values, through the UI that are uploaded to the database for future references. We will have to show graphs based on the settings provided by the User if not default.
    - Settings are to be made for low and high for the data (by default min and max values can be picked).
    - Take the high and low values (thresholds) for Threshold AD through UI, and pass them as parameters.
    - We have to figure out the correct parameters for the process to detect the anomalies. Basically, we need to rerun the process for various months while changing the settings; trying to get the perfect parameters. Monthly data acts as training sets here.
    - The User should be able to select between data from previous months.
    - We have to score the data differently so that we will be able to tell the severity. Based on the time data, we should also be able to give a score to the detected anomaly.
    - CSV is to be stored locally, then cleaned up and stored in MongoDB.
    - Rerun the process for Quantile AD. (Future task)
- I | Role of Flask in Project: | - | -
    - Flask will be playing the role of NodeJS.
    - Taking input of data
    - Running the algorithm
    - Storing the data into the database and uploading the processed data to the frontend.
- T | Start learning Flask | Tanmay, Soveet, Girija, Imami | 8.2.2022
- T | Go through how ADTK works { ADTK example - [https://arundo-adtk.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/stable/notebooks/demo.html#QuantileAD](https://arundo-adtk.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/stable/notebooks/demo.html#QuantileAD) }| Tanmay, Soveet, Girija, Imami | -
- T | Learn how to parse CSV data through pandas  | Tanmay, Soveet, Girija, Imami | 8.2.2022