# Minutes of Meeting (4)

- **Tasks** (T) - has an Owner and a deadline
- **Decisions** (D)
- **Information** (I) - everything else of interest.

### **Date: 9/02/22**

### **Time: 19:00**

### **Topic: Fourth** Client Meet

### **Attendees:**

- Navaneethan Santhanam
- Dhulipati Lakshmi Girija
- Syed Imami
- Soveet Kumar Nayak
- Tanmay Goyal

### **Type | Description | Owner | Deadline**

- T | We are required to build a backend and frontend of a simple website that takes in data through React, sends it to backend via flask and then stores it in MongoDB. | Feb 11 2021 | Imami, Girija, Soveet, Tanmay
- T | We should be able to extract the data from MongoDB and also visualise it. | Feb 11 2021 
| Imami, Girija, Soveet, Tanmay
- D | Any computation being done is preferably done in the backend. | - | -
- T | Setting the website up, on a virtual machine. | Feb 11 2021 | Imami, Girija, Soveet, Tanmay
- I | Frontend should be done in React, backend express, database MongoDB and connecting backend and frontend with flask. | - | -
- D | Login page should be implemented in future sprints. | - | -
- I | The data uploaded by users is only exclusively visible to them. | - | -
- I | They will be able to make changes to the data already uploaded such as adding columns or deleting columns | - | -
- I | A sample CSV file is provided to us to work on. The CSV file will have a variable number of columns and may not have a fixed name | - | -
- I | Detect anomalies in the dataset with respect to what the user has asked for that being either pressure or water flow. | - |  -
- D | Python and Pandas are to be extensively used in the project. | - | -
- T |
    - Look at the UI
    - Upload a file
    - Look at the contents in MongoDB
    - Look at a graph in the UI | Feb 11 2021 | Imami, Girija, Soveet, Tanmay